add readme for for_012_fire_risk (#607)
resource-watch/nrt-scripts: for_012_fire_risk/README.md

## Fire Weather Dataset Near Real-time Script
This file describes the near real-time script that retrieves and processes the [Global Fire WEather Database (GFWED) Fire Weather Index (FWI) System dataset](https://data.giss.nasa.gov/impacts/gfwed/) for [display on Resource Watch](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/for012-Fire-Risk-Index).

This dataset is provided by the source as netcdf files, with one file for each day. Inside each netcdf file, the fire weather index data can be found in the 'GPM.LATE.v5_FWI' variable of the netcdf file, the fine fuel moisture code data in 'GPM.LATE.v5_FFMC', the duff moisture code data in 'GPM.LATE.v5_DMC', the buildup index data in 'GPM.LATE.v5_BUI', the drought code data in 'GPM.LATE.v5_DC', and the initial spread index data in 'GPM.LATE.v5_ISI'.

> To process this data for display on Resource Watch, the data in each of these netcdf variables is first converted to tif files. Then, the tif files for each variable are combined into daily files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process this data for display on Resource Watch, the data in each of these netcdf variables is first converted to tif files. Then, the tif files for each variable are combined into a single file with a band for each variable. This combined tif is uploaded to Google Earth Engine.
```
